# github.com/spf13/cobra/doc



## Types

### GenManHeader

```go
GenManHeader
```

GenManHeader is a lot like the .TH header at the start of man pages. These
include the title, section, date, source, and manual. We will use the
current time if Date is unset and will use "Auto generated by spf13/cobra"
if the Source is unset.

### GenManTreeOptions

```go
GenManTreeOptions
```

GenManTreeOptions is the options for generating the man pages.
Used only in GenManTreeFromOpts.

## Functions

### GenMan

```go
func GenMan(cmd *cobra.Command, header *GenManHeader, w io.Writer) error
```

GenMan will generate a man page for the given command and write it to
w. The header argument may be nil, however obviously w may not.

### GenManTree

```go
func GenManTree(cmd *cobra.Command, header *GenManHeader, dir string) error
```

GenManTree will generate a man page for this command and all descendants
in the directory given. The header may be nil. This function may not work
correctly if your command names have `-` in them. If you have `cmd` with two
subcmds, `sub` and `sub-third`, and `sub` has a subcommand called `third`
it is undefined which help output will be in the file `cmd-sub-third.1`.

### GenManTreeFromOpts

```go
func GenManTreeFromOpts(cmd *cobra.Command, opts GenManTreeOptions) error
```

GenManTreeFromOpts generates a man page for the command and all descendants.
The pages are written to the opts.Path directory.

### GenMarkdown

```go
func GenMarkdown(cmd *cobra.Command, w io.Writer) error
```

GenMarkdown creates markdown output.

### GenMarkdownCustom

```go
func GenMarkdownCustom(cmd *cobra.Command, w io.Writer, linkHandler func(string) string) error
```

GenMarkdownCustom creates custom markdown output.

### GenMarkdownTree

```go
func GenMarkdownTree(cmd *cobra.Command, dir string) error
```

GenMarkdownTree will generate a markdown page for this command and all
descendants in the directory given. The header may be nil.
This function may not work correctly if your command names have `-` in them.
If you have `cmd` with two subcmds, `sub` and `sub-third`,
and `sub` has a subcommand called `third`, it is undefined which
help output will be in the file `cmd-sub-third.1`.

### GenMarkdownTreeCustom

```go
func GenMarkdownTreeCustom(cmd *cobra.Command, dir string, filePrepender, linkHandler func(string) string) error
```

GenMarkdownTreeCustom is the same as GenMarkdownTree, but
with custom filePrepender and linkHandler.

### GenReST

```go
func GenReST(cmd *cobra.Command, w io.Writer) error
```

GenReST creates reStructured Text output.

### GenReSTCustom

```go
func GenReSTCustom(cmd *cobra.Command, w io.Writer, linkHandler func(string, string) string) error
```

GenReSTCustom creates custom reStructured Text output.

### GenReSTTree

```go
func GenReSTTree(cmd *cobra.Command, dir string) error
```

GenReSTTree will generate a ReST page for this command and all
descendants in the directory given.
This function may not work correctly if your command names have `-` in them.
If you have `cmd` with two subcmds, `sub` and `sub-third`,
and `sub` has a subcommand called `third`, it is undefined which
help output will be in the file `cmd-sub-third.1`.

### GenReSTTreeCustom

```go
func GenReSTTreeCustom(cmd *cobra.Command, dir string, filePrepender func(string) string, linkHandler func(string, string) string) error
```

GenReSTTreeCustom is the same as GenReSTTree, but
with custom filePrepender and linkHandler.

### GenYaml

```go
func GenYaml(cmd *cobra.Command, w io.Writer) error
```

GenYaml creates yaml output.

### GenYamlCustom

```go
func GenYamlCustom(cmd *cobra.Command, w io.Writer, linkHandler func(string) string) error
```

GenYamlCustom creates custom yaml output.

### GenYamlTree

```go
func GenYamlTree(cmd *cobra.Command, dir string) error
```

GenYamlTree creates yaml structured ref files for this command and all descendants
in the directory given. This function may not work
correctly if your command names have `-` in them. If you have `cmd` with two
subcmds, `sub` and `sub-third`, and `sub` has a subcommand called `third`
it is undefined which help output will be in the file `cmd-sub-third.1`.

### GenYamlTreeCustom

```go
func GenYamlTreeCustom(cmd *cobra.Command, dir string, filePrepender, linkHandler func(string) string) error
```

GenYamlTreeCustom creates yaml structured ref files.

## Snapshot Coverage

This page was generated from `godoc.json` for package `github.com/spf13/cobra/doc` and includes 17 public entries or methods.
